Add optional names to committed migration files (#32)
graphile/migrate: README.md

If `--once` is specified, `current.sql` will be ran once and then the command will exit.

### `graphile-migrate commit [-m <message>]`

- reset the shadow database to the latest dump
- apply the current migration to the shadow database, and replace the dump
- move the current migration to committed migrations (adding a hash to prevent tampering)

> - any whitespace in commit messages will be replaced with `_` and appended to the end of the filename separated by `-`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the message will be made "filesystem safe" and appended to the end of the filename after a hyphen (`-`)
```
